Make some undocumented options regular/expert (#7805)
cvc5/cvc5: src/options/README.md

  given)

Option categories
-----------------

Every option has one of the following categories that influences where and how an option is visible:

> * `common`: used for the most common options. All `common` options are shown at the very top in both the online documentation and the output of `--help` on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `common`: Used for the most common options. All `common` options are shown at the very top in both the online documentation and the output of `--help` on the command line.
```

* `regular`: this should be used for most options.

> * `expert`: used for options that should be used with care only. A warning is shown in both the online documentation and the command line help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `expert`: This is for options that should be used with care only. A warning is shown in both the online documentation and the command line help.
```

Reviewer: Maybe clarify what kind of warning? Without context this might be a bit weird for users.

> * `undocumented`: such an option is skipped entirely in both the online documentation and the command line help. This should only be used when no user has a (reasonable) use case for this option (e.g. because it stores data that is added via another option like for `output` and `outputTagHolder`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `undocumented`: Such an option is skipped entirely in both the online documentation and the command line help. This should only be used when users don't have a (reasonable) use case for this option (e.g., because it stores data that is added via another option like for `output` and `outputTagHolder`).
```
